
Feb 15, 7-930 at Hyde Park Church of Christ fellowship hall, 310 W 43rd St 78751
Feb 17, ditto- all rehearsals until Mar 3 are at HPCoC
Feb 19, 11a-130p 
Feb 28, 7-930
Mar 1, 7-930
Mar 3- if needed, 7p start (wont go past 930)
Mar 4- tech run at Worley Barton Theatre, 630 call (11908 N Lamar Blvd, 78753, enter at Brentwood School entrance, the theatre is behind the campus, follow the drive to the end)
Mar 5, performance, 6p call, 730 curtain
Mar 6, 1p call, 230 Matinee.

It's a pretty minimal schedule so I'm trusting everyone to come prepared, scores will be sent soon.
Bill Hatcher is handling all production logistics including score distribution and will be in touch regarding scores soon-- if you were in the Sorcerer last time we staged it (2014 I think), you may use the score you have, I'm using the same edition. With modifications for concert performance-- you'll hear about those very soon, too.
Monica Kurtz is our stage manager, Jen Rogers is doing the lighting, and Matt Marks on sound.  Andy Heilveil is desigingin our set. Joseph Choi is our (truly awesome) pianist.
The time is now, the place - The Palace Casino and Showroom, Las Vegas!
You are there for the wedding of Alexis Pointdextre and Aline Sangazure, which will be performed in the Elvis Wedding Chapel, by Dr. Daly, world Famous Elvis Impersonator and Justice of the Peace. You're also attending an exclusive performance by the renowned magician, J.W.W. Wells, so it's a great and festive evening and you're all over the top attired and looking amazing!
Our cast is:
Ensemble of Magic Fans and Wedding guests:
Alyssa Muir, Brittany Trinité, Rosa Mondragon, Iona Olive, June Julian
Jeffrey Brister, Garrett Cordes, Nicholas Ryland, Jay Young, Jake Jacobsen, Derek Smootz
Marmaduke Pointdextre (Father of Alexis and Casino owner) Stephen Maus
Alexis Pointdextre- Holton Johnson
Dr. Daly/"Elvis"- Trinidad Agosto
Notary (a court official)- Jay Young
John Wellington Wells (The Sorcerer!)- Brenham Adams
Hercules (Wells' Assistant)- Garrett Cordes
Lady Sangazure (a former headliner at the Palace, now a society matron and hostess)- Pei-Jun Wang
Aline Sangazure- Sydney Pèrez
Mrs. Partett (retired showgirl, now a greeter)-Patricia Combs
Constance Partlett (Mrs Partlett's daughter, a cocktail server at the Palace)- Constance Weger
Ahrimanes (a demon)- Jake Jacobsen
EmCee and Narrator- Janette Jones

As it is almost entirely "in concert" with a few bits of blocking, the entire cast wil be onstage for the duration of the show. 
At our very first meeting, please come attired in your performance costume, and makeup (not a lot should be needed, or none at all). 
 We will be taking pictures for publicity, and also refining the outfits (accessorizing etc).  
 If you were in Patience 2018, it will be similar to our first meeting for that show.
Finally, I could not be more pleased with this cast.  
It's a concert production, so the main emphasis will almost entirely be on the music. 
I'm adding in two scenes that were cut from the first production in 1877: 
Lady Sangazure's lament (solo air), and the Summoning of Ahrimanes (Chorus and duet), so if you've done the show before, these will be new to you-- and our audience! 
If you have questions, please don't hesitate to contact me.  If you need to reach me quickly, feel free to text me anytime, but please only call between 10 a.m. and midnight.
512 578 6992
Dr. Jeffrey Jones-Ragona, Musical Director and Principal Conductor
Director, The Sorcerer in Concert 2022
 Gilbert and Sullivan Austin
